[BD-3275] Dev Guide Detangle: Analytics (#9157)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/analytics.md

![A custom event analytics graph showing stats on users who added a credit card and made a search across a period of a thirty days.]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/custom_event_analytics_example.png %} "custom_event_analytics_example.png")

{% alert note %}
[Incrementing custom attributes]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/) can be used to keep a counter on a user action similar to a custom event. However, you will not be able to view custom attribute data in a time-series. User actions that do not need to be analyzed in time-series should be recorded via this method.
{% endalert %}

### Custom event storage

All user profile data (custom events, custom attribute, custom data) is stored as long as those profiles are active.

### Custom event properties

With custom event properties, Braze allows you to set properties on custom events and purchases. These properties can then be used for further qualifying trigger conditions, increasing personalization in messaging, and generating more sophisticated analytics through raw data export. Property values can be string, number, boolean, or time objects. However, property values cannot be array objects.

> For example, if an ecommerce application wanted to send a message to a user when they abandon their cart, it could additionally improve its target audience and allow for increased campaign personalization by adding a custom event property of the 'cart value' of users' carts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if an ecommerce application wanted to send a message to a user when they abandon their cart, it could additionally improve its target audience and allow for increased campaign personalization by adding a custom event property of the `cart_value` of users' carts.
```

> For example, if an ecommerce application wanted to send a message to a user when they abandon their cart, it could additionally improve its target audience and allow for increased campaign personalization by adding a custom event property of the 'cart value' of users' carts.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if an ecommerce application wanted to send a message to a user when they abandon their cart, it could additionally improve its target audience and allow for increased campaign personalization by adding a custom event property of the `cart value` of users' carts.
```
